Yes it is a country that put everyone on it Come on ps 4 Congratulations on the release
Only it is this time, but this time that I wanted to do first when I bought ps 4
I'll let you try a bit and let's try to make a video.
Let's try it now
First of all , ps 4 soft kill zone shadow fall ps 4
I have put the software of ps 4 2 / ps 4
Now what I want to try is ps 4 and ps 3 cassette
I think to try a little from now the Well's say what it is Fife to gt
First of all I want to take out the cassette but this time too
There ze good to take out something cassette 10
I'm just touching with the eject button t , I don't know this
Also I'd have been fighting 10 minutes now
It really comes out just by touching
It's about now, isn't it?
I made a controller
It is Well
I should have put the gta 5 into the wind of ps 4 now .
Good
here we go
I want to put in the open cut
Entered
How is it
Can you do it
road
What
Oh
Ah ah ah ah
Standing
Can not play on cassette 3 in playstation 3
Can not
To a little
Maybe
ps gt 5 may not be possible
So I would like to put in Assassin's Creed 4 for a moment
Assassin's Creed is out as a cassette even with that ps 4
Maybe that's the child that comes to mind
I just put it now I put it now
What it will be
I wonder if can be the
Arthur is
Cassette of ps 3 at the conclusion ps 4 Oh
can not
I wonder if No to be able to at Toka over updates
So I wonder I wonder if you
Hey, you think you can not be
So I want to end this time with this
I want to play a cassette of ps 3
If you are wondering if you can do it with ps 4 well ps 4 ps unfortunately
3 software
together in Iuwake it can not be in some of the ps 3 planning Disukua can not be played
Me
It is Killzone shadow fall fun